[sharktank] Remove 'torch' from deps and warn instead (#706)
nod-ai/shark-ai: docs/user_guide.md

# Set up a virtual environment to isolate packages from other envs.
python3.11 -m venv 3.11.venv
source 3.11.venv/bin/activate
```

## Install SHARK and its dependencies

> Before installing `shark-ai` install a torch version that fulfills your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First install a torch version that fulfills your needs:
```

```bash
# Fast installation of torch with just CPU support.

> # See other options at https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/

Reviewer: I guess we could pull this URL out of the code block so it is clickable 🤔

Author: Sounds good.

pip install torch torchvision torchaudio --index-url https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cpu
```

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next install shark-ai:

```bash
```
